README.md, before:

# Under Construction

The Nomo Messenger Kit is not yet usable.
Please roll your own matrix-functions if you cannot wait for it.

# Nomo Messenger Kit

See the [api-docs](api-docs/modules.md) for a list of individual functions.

The Decentralized Messenger is one of the core foundations of the Nomo App.
`nomo-messenger-kit` empowers JS-developers to interact with the Decentralized Messenger.
`nomo-messenger-kit` is intended for both WebOns/frontends and NodeJS/backends.

Internally, `nomo-messenger-kit` relies on the [matrix-js-sdk](https://www.npmjs.com/package/matrix-js-sdk) for its operations.
If needed, you can always bypass the `nomo-messenger-kit` and invoke the lower-level matrix-js-sdk directly.

## How to use

First, install it via npm:

`npm i nomo-messenger-kit`

TODO: add some instructions

## Unit tests

TODO: link individual Unit tests

To complement the static API-docs, the Unit tests act as an *executable documentation* for the `nomo-messenger-kit`.
Furthermore, the Unit tests serve as a test for the backend infrastructure of the Decentralized Messenger.

Commit message:

link Decentralized Messenger Philosophy in README

README.md, after:

# Under Construction

The Nomo Messenger Kit is not yet usable.
Please roll your own matrix-functions if you cannot wait for it.

# Nomo Messenger Kit

See the [api-docs](api-docs/modules.md) for a list of individual functions.

See the [Decentralized Messenger Philosophy](https://github.com/nomo-app/nomo-messenger-kit/blob/main/advanced-docs/messenger_philosophy.md) for understanding the goals of the Nomo messenger.

The Decentralized Messenger is one of the core foundations of the Nomo App.
`nomo-messenger-kit` empowers JS-developers to interact with the Decentralized Messenger.
`nomo-messenger-kit` is intended for both WebOns/frontends and NodeJS/backends.

Internally, `nomo-messenger-kit` relies on the [matrix-js-sdk](https://www.npmjs.com/package/matrix-js-sdk) for its operations.
If needed, you can always bypass the `nomo-messenger-kit` and invoke the lower-level matrix-js-sdk directly.

## How to use

First, install it via npm:

`npm i nomo-messenger-kit`

TODO: add some instructions

## Unit tests

TODO: link individual Unit tests

To complement the static API-docs, the Unit tests act as an *executable documentation* for the `nomo-messenger-kit`.
Furthermore, the Unit tests serve as a test for the backend infrastructure of the Decentralized Messenger.
